<!--
GENERATED FILE - DO NOT EDIT
This file was generated by [MarkdownSnippets](https://github.com/SimonCropp/MarkdownSnippets).
Source File: /doc/mdsource/FAQ.source.md
To change this file edit the source file and then execute ./run_markdown_templates.sh.
-->

<a id="top"></a>

# Frequently Asked Questions

<!-- toc -->
## Contents

  * [Overview](#overview)
    * [What are approval tests?](#what-are-approval-tests)
    * [How do they differ from unit tests?](#how-do-they-differ-from-unit-tests)
    * [Why are approval tests particularly good for testing legacy code?](#why-are-approval-tests-particularly-good-for-testing-legacy-code)
  * [Test Frameworks](#test-frameworks)
    * [Do I need to use the Catch2 in the Approval Tests repo?](#do-i-need-to-use-the-catch2-in-the-approval-tests-repo)
    * [Does it integrate with other unit testing libraries?](#does-it-integrate-with-other-unit-testing-libraries)
  * [Writing Tests](#writing-tests)
    * [I wrote a test, but the output file has loads of stuff I'm not interested in](#i-wrote-a-test-but-the-output-file-has-loads-of-stuff-im-not-interested-in)
<!-- endtoc -->


*If you would like us to add any more questions here, please contact us via [the Contributing page](/doc/Contributing.md#top).*

## Overview

### What are approval tests?

### How do they differ from unit tests?

### Why are approval tests particularly good for testing legacy code?

## Test Frameworks

### Do I need to use the Catch2 in the Approval Tests repo?

No. The intention is that you can provide your own copy of Catch2.

We use the copy of Catch2 and other test frameworks in [third_party/](https://github.com/approvals/ApprovalTests.cpp/blob/master/third_party/) in this project only to run our own tests.

Certainly, if you download a [Single Header release](https://github.com/approvals/ApprovalTests.cpp/releases) of this library, no Catch2 is provided, so you need to provide your own.

However, we are investigating a report of a problem with this, if you download or fork this repo. If you are having problems with using your own Catch2, please see #53 and tell us about your setup. Thank you.

### Does it integrate with other unit testing libraries?

## Writing Tests

### I wrote a test, but the output file has loads of stuff I'm not interested in

Things to say:

* Yes, it's a common problem
* Readability of the output is important
* Someone reviewing a test failure needs to understand the purpose and intent of the test
* **Recommendation**: write your own formatting that's specific to particular tests - see [To String](/doc/ToString.md#top) for examples.

--

[Back to User Guide](/doc/README.md#top)
